hello welcome back to my TAS wanted
playthrough for the Nintendo GameCube
this is episode 5 and in today's episode
we're gonna go and deal with the boss of
this world and to do that we had jump
inside the snowblower and thus it begins
all righty then
so what do we find in here I wonder oh I
will with that face right there that can
only mean one thing
there's something in here that we do
have to deal with elephant pong this
here be the boss level of this world so
yeah an ancient scaring competition
press the X button to scare the elephant
away players score points by scaring the
elephant into their opponents goal the
first player to scared their way the
three goals wins
so it's tears versus gossamer I think
his name is I could be wrong though so
hopefully I'm not wrong about that it's
pretty much just a simple way of like
pong in a way you scare the L events and
get into your opponent's ball kind of
like just moving blocks here and there
just the you know this animal
that's gonna kind of throw me off and
he's I'm doing it off the walls
all righty come on dang it
Oh gossamer got one goal so hopefully we
can you know get the other goals
that's a clean shot right there yes it
is all righty all righty then only two
more to get what thought okay that is
somehow Elsa got scared in the middle of
the road right there well the middle of
the place you'll actually don't know how
exactly that happened
possibly
gossamer was about to scare it but it
happened on the same frame and I guess
they carried over to the next elephants
or something I don't know
kind of cutting it too close right here
to be honest oh my god bad move right
there gossamer oh wow
all righty one more goal left there is a
way to actually probably win this easy
if you can manipulate the AI right here
but you have to like concentrate on the
elephants so it doesn't like go into
your goal of some stuff like highs in
the same place oh yes it is okay don't
know what happened right there with
gossamer Zi but
though leader to face suspect is still
admired and headed towards the city walk
off all exits and prepare wanted poster
program phase two alrighty then so not
really too troubling the second one was
probably the most intense because of the
how fast it was going and for the third
one I don't know what happened to
gossamer is a I right there he was at
the wrong place at the wrong time I
suppose but we did it and now it's time
to head over to the next world San
Francisco yes it's actually one of my
favorite roles in here especially you do
two particular levels in here although
one level I do hate in here it's not
this one by the way but yeah I found out
soon enough
we've got him
an armored truck gets wiped out by a
fire hydrant right so what levels we
have right here right there's the boss
level this way is one of the levels and
this level is and this level is over
there as per usual we're going to tackle
the one with the lowest rating which
will be this one right over here so yeah
right up here we climb our way up
samso nyan museum if I even set it right
but as usual stay tuned for the next
episode which we'll be dealing with this
all cuz like I said it's gonna be you
know a level per episode Ilan nods and
yadda yadda yadda anyway yeah see you
next time